docs/advisors/checks/configuration-check-tmp-table-size-limit.md, before:

# MySQL Temporary tables dimension is capped by max_heap_table_size

## Description
MySQL can create temporary tables as part of normal query execution or with the CREATE TEMPORARY TABLE sql command. The maximum size of an in-memory temporary table is controlled by the smallest of tmp_table_sizeand max_heap_table_size. When the smaller of the two is exceeded, the temporary table is converted to an on-disk one, which has a performance impact. Consider setting these 2 variables the same value. 


## Rule
`SELECT @@global.max_heap_table_size, @@global.tmp_table_size`


## Resolution
Set the **tmp_table_size** to a value that is equal to or less than the **max_heap_table_size value**.
Or increase the value of the **max_heap_table_size** value to match **tmp_table_size value**. 

## Need more support from Percona?
Subscribe to Percona Platform to get database support with guaranteed SLAs or proactive database management services from the Percona team.

[Learn more :fontawesome-solid-paper-plane:](https://per.co.na/subscribe){ .md-button }

Commit message:

fFPMM-11699 Improve Advisor topics for MySQL (#65)
modified:   docs/advisors/checks/binlog-checksum-value.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/binlog-retention-period.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/binlog-row-image.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/check-replica-verifying-checksum.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/configuration-check-general-log.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/configuration-check-innodb-data-file-path.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/configuration-check-log-bin.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/configuration-check-relay-log-purge.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/configuration-check-replica-not-read-only.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/configuration-check-replica-verifying-checksum.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/configuration-check-sql-mode.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/configuration-check-sync-binlog.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/configuration-check-tmp-table-size-limit.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/configuration-innodb-file-format.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/datadesign-mysql-indexes-larger-than-data.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/master-verify-checksum.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/mysql-binary-logs-automatically-removed-too-quickly.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/mysql-log-replica-updates.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/mysql-replication-privileges.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/mysql-secure-transport-only.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/mysql-warnings-not-being-logged.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/not-verifying-checksums.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/platform-mysql-binaries-32-bit.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/replica-without-replication-slave-account.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/root-account-can-login-remotely.md

docs/advisors/checks/configuration-check-tmp-table-size-limit.md, after:

# MySQL Temporary tables dimension is capped by max_heap_table_size

## Description

MySQL can create internal in-memory temporary tables as part of normal query execution. If an internal in-memory temporary table grows larger than the defined size, it is converted to an on-disk internal temporary table automatically, which can impact performance.

The size limit of an in-memory temporary table is defined by the smaller value of either `tmp_table_size` and `max_heap_table_size`.

Consider setting these two variables to the same value.

## Rule

`SELECT @@global.max_heap_table_size, @@global.tmp_table_size`

## Resolution

Set the `tmp_table_size` to a value that is equal to or less than the `max_heap_table_size` value.
Or increase the value of the `max_heap_table_size` value to match `tmp_table_size` value. 

## Need more support from Percona?

Subscribe to Percona Platform to get database support with guaranteed SLAs or proactive database management services from the Percona team.

[Learn more :fontawesome-solid-paper-plane:](https://per.co.na/subscribe){ .md-button }
