docs/advisors/checks/mongodb-write-tickets.md, before:

# MongoDB write ticket is more than 128

## Description
This check warns if the write ticket is more than 128 as this can cause performance issues.

Ideally, the number of tickets should be based on the number of CPU available.
The default write ticket is 128.

It can be adjusted for your mongod and your mongos nodes.

For more information, see [wiredTigerConcurrentWriteTransactions in the MongoDB documentation](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/reference/parameters/#mongodb-parameter-param.wiredTigerConcurrentWriteTransactions).


## Rule
MONGODB_GETPARAMETER

`db.adminCommand( { setParameter: 1, "wiredTigerConcurrentWriteTransactions": "128"  } )`

## Resolution
Adjust the verbosity of your logs online: `mongo> db.adminCommand( { setParameter: 1, "wiredTigerConcurrentWriteTransactions": "128"  } )`

Edit mongod.conf and set the below parameter to default:
```
       setParameter:
         wiredTigerConcurrentWriteTransactions: 128
```
If resetting the write ticket in your mongod config file, be aware that this will not take effect until the next restart.

## Need more support from Percona?
Subscribe to Percona Platform to get database support with guaranteed SLAs or proactive database management services from the Percona team.

[Learn more :fontawesome-solid-paper-plane:](https://per.co.na/subscribe){ .md-button }

Commit message:

PMM-11699 Reviewed and updated the advisor checks for MongoDB (#58)

docs/advisors/checks/mongodb-write-tickets.md, after:

# MongoDB write ticket is more than 128

## Description
This advisor warns if the number of write transactions (tickets) into the WiredTiger storage during runtime is more than 128. Too high number of write tickets can cause performance issues.

Ideally, the number of tickets should be based on the number of CPU available. 
The default number of write tickets is 128. You can adjust it for both your `mongod` and `mongos` nodes. 

For more information, see [wiredTigerConcurrentWriteTransactions in the MongoDB documentation](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/reference/parameters/#mongodb-parameter-param.wiredTigerConcurrentWriteTransactions).


## Rule
MONGODB_GETPARAMETER

`db.adminCommand( { setParameter: 1, "wiredTigerConcurrentWriteTransactions": "128"  } )`

## Resolution
Adjust the number of write tickets allowed into the WiredTiger storage engine. 

* Using the `setParameter` shell helper:

   ```
   mongo> db.adminCommand( { setParameter: 1, "wiredTigerConcurrentWriteTransactions": "128"  } )
   ```

* Editing the configuration file 

   ``` yaml
   setParameter:     
      wiredTigerConcurrentWriteTransactions: 128
   ``` 

   Note that the changes in the configuration file will take effect only after the server restart.

## Need more support from Percona?
Subscribe to Percona Platform to get database support with guaranteed SLAs or proactive database management services from the Percona team.

[Learn more :fontawesome-solid-paper-plane:](https://per.co.na/subscribe){ .md-button }
