docs/advisors/checks/mysql-replication-privileges.md, before:

# Replication privileges

## Description
Replicas connect to Source with a specific user. This user to efficiently and safely execute the replication require ONLY the REPLICATION SLAVE Grant. 
At the same time a standard user, should not have REPLICATION SLAVE as grant and instead use the REPLICATION CLIENT grant to access replication iformation.
The check identify and reports the list of users who have REPLICATION SLAVE as assigned grants in conjunction with other grants. 

## Rule
```
Select @@hostname service_name,version,count(user) nuser, group_concat(user SEPARATOR '; ')users, reason from(select @@version version, 1 found, concat(user,'@',host) user,plugin, 1 reason from mysql.user where Repl_slave_priv='Y'AND (Select_priv = 'Y' OR Insert_priv  = 'Y' OR Update_priv = 'Y' OR Delete_priv = 'Y' OR Create_priv = 'Y' OR Drop_priv = 'Y' OR Reload_priv = 'Y' OR Shutdown_priv = 'Y' OR Process_priv = 'Y' OR File_priv = 'Y' OR Grant_priv = 'Y' OR References_priv = 'Y' OR Index_priv = 'Y' OR Alter_priv = 'Y' OR Show_db_priv = 'Y' OR Super_priv = 'Y' OR Create_tmp_table_priv = 'Y' OR Lock_tables_priv = 'Y' OR Execute_priv = 'Y' OR Repl_client_priv = 'Y' OR Create_view_priv = 'Y' OR Show_view_priv = 'Y' OR Create_routine_priv = 'Y' OR Alter_routine_priv = 'Y' OR Create_user_priv = 'Y' OR Event_priv = 'Y' OR Trigger_priv = 'Y' OR Create_tablespace_priv = 'Y')) as tt group by reason,service_name,version  order by reason;    
Select  user,host,IF(channel_name='','NA',channel_name) as channel from performance_schema.replication_connection_configuration;
```

## Resolution
Revoke the REPLICATION SLAVE from standard user, or any additional grant from the replication user.

IE:
```
>show grants for replica@'%';
+---------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Grants for replica@%                                                |
+---------------------------------------------------------------------+
| GRANT REPLICATION SLAVE, REPLICATION CLIENT ON *.* TO `replica`@`%` |
+---------------------------------------------------------------------+

>revoke REPLICATION CLIENT on *.* from 'replica'@'%';
Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.10 sec)
```

## Need more support from Percona?
Subscribe to Percona Platform to get database support with guaranteed SLAs or proactive database management services from the Percona team.

[Learn more :fontawesome-solid-paper-plane:](https://per.co.na/subscribe){ .md-button }

Commit message:

fFPMM-11699 Improve Advisor topics for MySQL (#65)
modified:   docs/advisors/checks/binlog-checksum-value.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/binlog-retention-period.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/binlog-row-image.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/check-replica-verifying-checksum.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/configuration-check-general-log.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/configuration-check-innodb-data-file-path.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/configuration-check-log-bin.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/configuration-check-relay-log-purge.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/configuration-check-replica-not-read-only.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/configuration-check-replica-verifying-checksum.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/configuration-check-sql-mode.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/configuration-check-sync-binlog.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/configuration-check-tmp-table-size-limit.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/configuration-innodb-file-format.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/datadesign-mysql-indexes-larger-than-data.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/master-verify-checksum.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/mysql-binary-logs-automatically-removed-too-quickly.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/mysql-log-replica-updates.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/mysql-replication-privileges.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/mysql-secure-transport-only.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/mysql-warnings-not-being-logged.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/not-verifying-checksums.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/platform-mysql-binaries-32-bit.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/replica-without-replication-slave-account.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/root-account-can-login-remotely.md

docs/advisors/checks/mysql-replication-privileges.md, after:

# Replication privileges

## Description

The `REPLICATION_SLAVE` privileges enable a user account to connect from a replica to a replication source server.

A standard user should not be granted `REPLICATION SLAVE` but instead be granted the `REPLICATION CLIENT` to access replication information.

The check lists the users assigned the `REPLICATION SLAVE` grant along with other grants.

## Rule

```sql
Select @@hostname service_name,version,count(user) nuser, group_concat(user SEPARATOR '; ')users, reason from(select @@version version, 1 found, concat(user,'@',host) user,plugin, 1 reason from mysql.user where Repl_slave_priv='Y'AND (Select_priv = 'Y' OR Insert_priv  = 'Y' OR Update_priv = 'Y' OR Delete_priv = 'Y' OR Create_priv = 'Y' OR Drop_priv = 'Y' OR Reload_priv = 'Y' OR Shutdown_priv = 'Y' OR Process_priv = 'Y' OR File_priv = 'Y' OR Grant_priv = 'Y' OR References_priv = 'Y' OR Index_priv = 'Y' OR Alter_priv = 'Y' OR Show_db_priv = 'Y' OR Super_priv = 'Y' OR Create_tmp_table_priv = 'Y' OR Lock_tables_priv = 'Y' OR Execute_priv = 'Y' OR Repl_client_priv = 'Y' OR Create_view_priv = 'Y' OR Show_view_priv = 'Y' OR Create_routine_priv = 'Y' OR Alter_routine_priv = 'Y' OR Create_user_priv = 'Y' OR Event_priv = 'Y' OR Trigger_priv = 'Y' OR Create_tablespace_priv = 'Y')) as tt group by reason,service_name,version  order by reason;    
Select  user,host,IF(channel_name='','NA',channel_name) as channel from performance_schema.replication_connection_configuration;
```

## Resolution

Revoke `REPLICATION SLAVE` from a standard user or any additional grant from the replication user.

For example, to see the assigned grants for a replica and to revoke a grant:

```sql
mysql> SHOW GRANTS for replica@'%';
+---------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Grants for replica@%                                                |
+---------------------------------------------------------------------+
| GRANT REPLICATION SLAVE, REPLICATION CLIENT ON *.* TO `replica`@`%` |
+---------------------------------------------------------------------+

mysql> REVOKE REPLICATION SLAVE on *.* from 'replica'@'%';
Query OK, 0 rows affected (0.10 sec)
```

## Need more support from Percona?

Subscribe to Percona Platform to get database support with guaranteed SLAs or proactive database management services from the Percona team.

[Learn more :fontawesome-solid-paper-plane:](https://per.co.na/subscribe){ .md-button }
