docs/advisors/checks/mysql-log-replica-updates.md, before:

# MySQL server replicating events are not logged

## Description
log_replica_updates specifies whether updates received by a replica server from a replication source server should be logged to the replica's own binary log.

Enabling this variable causes the replica to write the updates that are received from a source and performed by the replication SQL thread to the replica's own binary log. Binary logging, which is controlled by the --log-bin option and is enabled by default, must also be enabled on the replica for updates to be logged. See Section 17.1.6, “Replication and Binary Logging Options and Variables”. log_replica_updates is enabled by default, unless you specify --skip-log-bin to disable binary logging, in which case MySQL also disables replica update logging by default. If you need to disable replica update logging when binary logging is enabled, specify --log-replica-updates=OFF at replica server startup.

Enabling log_replica_updates enables replication servers to be chained. For example, you might want to set up replication servers using this arrangement:
A -> B -> C

Here, A serves as the source for the replica B, and B serves as the source for the replica C. For this to work, B must be both a source and a replica. With binary logging enabled and log_replica_updates enabled, which are the default settings, updates received from A are logged by B to its binary log, and can therefore be passed on to C.


## Rule
```
if name == "log_replica_updates" or name == "log_slave_updates":
   if value == "OFF":
```

## Resolution
Change the configuration setting:
Log_replica_updates = 1 

!! Warning this parameter is NOT dynamic server restart is needed !!

## Need more support from Percona?
Subscribe to Percona Platform to get database support with guaranteed SLAs or proactive database management services from the Percona team.

[Learn more :fontawesome-solid-paper-plane:](https://per.co.na/subscribe){ .md-button }

Commit message:

fFPMM-11699 Improve Advisor topics for MySQL (#65)
modified:   docs/advisors/checks/binlog-checksum-value.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/binlog-retention-period.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/binlog-row-image.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/check-replica-verifying-checksum.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/configuration-check-general-log.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/configuration-check-innodb-data-file-path.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/configuration-check-log-bin.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/configuration-check-relay-log-purge.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/configuration-check-replica-not-read-only.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/configuration-check-replica-verifying-checksum.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/configuration-check-sql-mode.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/configuration-check-sync-binlog.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/configuration-check-tmp-table-size-limit.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/configuration-innodb-file-format.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/datadesign-mysql-indexes-larger-than-data.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/master-verify-checksum.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/mysql-binary-logs-automatically-removed-too-quickly.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/mysql-log-replica-updates.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/mysql-replication-privileges.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/mysql-secure-transport-only.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/mysql-warnings-not-being-logged.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/not-verifying-checksums.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/platform-mysql-binaries-32-bit.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/replica-without-replication-slave-account.md
	modified:   docs/advisors/checks/root-account-can-login-remotely.md

docs/advisors/checks/mysql-log-replica-updates.md, after:

# MySQL server replicating events are not logged

## Description

The `log_replica_updates` value determines if replica updates, received from a source, are logged in the replica's binary log:

* 0 - replica updates are not logged

* 1 - the default value, the replica updates are logged
  
Specifying `--skip-log-bin` which disables binary logging, also disables replica update logging. If enabling binary logging but you need to disable replica update logging, specify `--log-replica-updates=OFF` at replica server startup.

Enabling `log_replica_updates` enables replication servers to be chained. For example, you might want to set up replication servers using this arrangement:

A -> B -> C

Here, A serves as the source for the replica B, and B serves as the source for the replica C. For this to work, B must be both a source and a replica. With binary logging enabled and `log_replica_updates` enabled, updates received from A are logged by B to its binary log, and can be passed on to C.

## Rule

```
if name == "log_replica_updates" or name == "log_slave_updates":
   if value == "OFF":
```

## Resolution

Change the configuration setting:
Log_replica_updates = 1 

!! Warning this parameter is NOT dynamic server restart is needed !!

## Need more support from Percona?

Subscribe to Percona Platform to get database support with guaranteed SLAs or proactive database management services from the Percona team.

[Learn more :fontawesome-solid-paper-plane:](https://per.co.na/subscribe){ .md-button }
