docs/index.md, before:

!!! alert alert-info ""
    **Disclaimer**: Percona Platform is a Preview release and several functionalities are still under development or subject to change. As such, we recommend that early adopters use the current release for testing purposes only.
    

The Percona Platform brings together distributions of MySQL, PostgreSQL and MongoDB including a range of open-source tools for data backup, availability and management.

Percona Platform also includes Percona Monitoring and Management (PMM) for database management, monitoring, and automated insights, making it easier to manage database deployments.


## Start here

Here's how to set up Percona Platform:

1. [Create a Percona Account](percona-account-help.md).

2. [Connect your Percona Monitoring and Management (PMM) server](connect-pmm.md). 

    PMM is a free, open-source monitoring tool for MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, ProxySQL, and the servers they run on. 

    Connect your PMM server to Percona Platform to access your PMM monitoring tools and data from here and make Percona Platform your one command center for all the Percona software and services available for your account.

3. [Create an organization](create-manage-organizations.md) to start collaborating with members of your team and share access to your Percona software and services.

This documentation portal contains information on using Percona Platform to help you run your database environment at peak performance. If you need more help, contact us at <portal-help@percona.com>.

Commit message:

Rename advisors (#10)
* first changes

* rel notes entry

* draft

* added rel notes for april changes

* polished rel notes

* fixed titles

* updated rel notes

* resized image

* fix image

* image

* fix image

* changed item order

* small edit

* implemented Zoriana's feedback

* small edits

* new edits

* updated  checks

* token validity info

* trying collapsible notes

* removing interactivity

* removed disclaimer

* fixed subheadings

* fix image/links

* fixed list

* fixed headings

* small edits

* test table

* new table style

* table

* removing connections in install mode

* rel notes update

* more chescks

* implemented Zoriana's feedback

* new checks

* all checks

* typos

* removed long title

* typo

* formatting

* Update docs/april-2022.md

Co-authored-by: Holman Romero <66822307+Hlmn-Rmr@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update docs/april-2022.md

Co-authored-by: Holman Romero <66822307+Hlmn-Rmr@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update docs/april-2022.md

Co-authored-by: Holman Romero <66822307+Hlmn-Rmr@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update docs/april-2022.md

Co-authored-by: Holman Romero <66822307+Hlmn-Rmr@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update docs/april-2022.md

Co-authored-by: Holman Romero <66822307+Hlmn-Rmr@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update docs/connect-pmm.md

Co-authored-by: Holman Romero <66822307+Hlmn-Rmr@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update docs/connect-pmm.md

Co-authored-by: Holman Romero <66822307+Hlmn-Rmr@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update docs/april-2022.md

Co-authored-by: Holman Romero <66822307+Hlmn-Rmr@users.noreply.github.com>

* small edit

* feedback from zoriana on the table

* more descriptions

* typo

* corrected refs to percona portal

Co-authored-by: Holman Romero <66822307+Hlmn-Rmr@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/index.md, after:

Percona Platform is a unified experience to monitor, manage, secure, and optimize database environments. 

Percona Platform brings together distributions of MySQL, PostgreSQL and MongoDB, and includes a range of open-source tools for data backup, availability and management. 
It also includes Percona Monitoring and Management (PMM) for database management, monitoring, and automated insights, making it easier to manage database deployments.


## Start here

Here's how to get started with Percona Platform:

1. [Create a Percona Account](registration-login.md).

2. [Connect your Percona Monitoring and Management (PMM) server](connect-pmm.md). 

    PMM is a free, open-source monitoring tool for MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, ProxySQL, and the servers they run on. 

    Connect your PMM server to Percona Platform to access your PMM monitoring tools and data from here and make Percona Platform your one command center for all the Percona software and services available for your account.

3. [Create an organization](create-manage-organizations.md) to start collaborating with members of your team and share access to your Percona software and services.

This documentation portal contains information on using Percona Platform to help you run your database environment at peak performance. If you need more help, contact us at <portal-help@percona.com>.
