docs/registration-login.md, before:

# Registration and Log in
To connect to Percona Platform, go to [portal.percona.com](https://portal.percona.com/login) and sign in or register for a new Percona account.

As an alternative to connecting with a Percona Account username and password, you can also sign in or register with your Google or GitHub account.

If you are connecting via GitHub, make sure that you set your email address as **public** in your GitHub account. If your email address is private instead, Percona Platform cannot access it to authenticate you.

### Log in via custom identity providers
Percona Platform can also use your organization credentials to log you in. To enable custom identity provider for your account, contact [Percona Support](https://www.percona.com/about-percona/contact).

## Create and manage your Percona Account
### Sign up for a Percona Account
If you don't have a Percona Account yet, you can create one straight from the **Sign in** form:

1. Go to the [Percona Platform Log in page](https://portal.percona.com/).
2. Scroll down to the **Don't have an account? Create one** link at the bottom of the form. Alternatively, you can register with a social identity provider if you have a Google or GitHub account that is not yet associated with a Percona Platform account. To do this, click **Continue with Google** or **Continue with GitHub**. In case your GitHub/Google account is already associated with a Percona Account, this option will sign you in directly.
3. Fill in the fields on the **Create New Account** form, and click  **Create** once you’ve accepted the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
4. Check your email for a verification message and follow the instructions to activate your account.

#### Sign up as an existing Percona customer
If you are a member of a Percona Customer Portal organization linked to an active Percona Platform subscription, you will automatically receive an email invitation to create your Percona Account.

Check your inbox for an email titled **Percona Account Activation** to confirm the registration and join your Percona Platform organization.

## Manage your Percona Account 
Because your Percona Account is used across all your Percona services, it’s important to keep your account safe and your information up-to-date. 

To manage your account:

1. Sign in to your Percona Account and click your user icon on the right-hand-side of the screen.
2. In the **My Profile** section, click **Edit profile**.
This displays the **Account** page where you can update your account information and set up two-factor authentication (2FA). 

### Set up two-factor authentication
Two-factor authentication significantly increases the security of your Percona Account.

After enabling 2FA, signing into your account will require both your password and access to a trusted device via one or more of the following authenticators:

* [Okta Verify for Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.okta.android.auth) or [Okta Verify for iOS](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.okta.android.auth) 
* [Google Authenticator](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.authenticator2)
* Security key or a biometric authenticator like Windows Hello, Touch ID, etc.

To turn on or manage two-factor authentication:

1. Click on your user icon on the right-hand side of the screen, then click **Profile**.
2. In the **My Profile** section, click **Edit profile**.
3. On your **Account** page, scroll down to the **Extra Verification** section. 
4. Click **Set up** next to the security method you want to configure, and follow the on-screen instructions.

To disable an authenticator app, simply click **Remove** next to its name in the **Extra Verification** section.

### Change your password

To change your current password for your Percona Account:

1. Go to your **Account** page **> Change Password** section.
2. Enter your current password, then specify and confirm your new password.
3. Click **Change Password**.

### Update profile information

To update your account information, click **Edit** in the **Personal Information** section. Here you can change your display name, add a secondary email address or your phone number. 

If you need to change the display language for your account, click **Edit** in the **Display Language** section. 

Note that email notifications are currently always delivered in English. 

## Report security issues
Percona welcomes responsible disclosure and inquiries about the security of Percona products and services. For more information, send us an email at <security@percona.com> or visit [our security page](https://www.percona.com/security).

Commit message:

removed info about user profile changes

docs/registration-login.md, after:

# Registration and Log in
To connect to Percona Platform, go to [portal.percona.com](https://portal.percona.com/login) and sign in or register for a new Percona account.

As an alternative to connecting with a Percona Account username and password, you can also sign in or register with your Google or GitHub account.

If you are connecting via GitHub, make sure that you set your email address as **public** in your GitHub account. If your email address is private instead, Percona Platform cannot access it to authenticate you.

### Log in via custom identity providers
Percona Platform can also use your organization credentials to log you in. To enable custom identity provider for your account, contact [Percona Support](https://www.percona.com/about-percona/contact).

## Create and manage your Percona Account
### Sign up for a Percona Account
If you don't have a Percona Account yet, you can create one straight from the **Sign in** form:

1. Go to the [Percona Platform Log in page](https://portal.percona.com/).
2. Scroll down to the **Don't have an account? Create one** link at the bottom of the form. Alternatively, you can register with a social identity provider if you have a Google or GitHub account that is not yet associated with a Percona Platform account. To do this, click **Continue with Google** or **Continue with GitHub**. In case your GitHub/Google account is already associated with a Percona Account, this option will sign you in directly.
3. Fill in the fields on the **Create New Account** form, and click  **Create** once you’ve accepted the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
4. Check your email for a verification message and follow the instructions to activate your account.

#### Sign up as an existing Percona customer
If you are a member of a Percona Customer Portal organization linked to an active Percona Platform subscription, you will automatically receive an email invitation to create your Percona Account.

Check your inbox for an email titled **Percona Account Activation** to confirm the registration and join your Percona Platform organization.

## Manage your Percona Account 
Because your Percona Account is used across all your Percona services, it’s important to keep your account safe and your information up-to-date. 

To manage your account:

1. Sign in to your Percona Account and click your user icon on the right-hand-side of the screen.
2. Choose **Profile > Edit Profile**.
This displays the **Account** page where you can update your account information and set up two-factor authentication (2FA). 

### Set up two-factor authentication
Two-factor authentication significantly increases the security of your Percona Account.

After enabling 2FA, signing into your account will require both your password and access to a trusted device via one or more of the following authenticators:

* [Okta Verify for Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.okta.android.auth) or [Okta Verify for iOS](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.okta.android.auth) 
* [Google Authenticator](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.authenticator2)
* Security key or a biometric authenticator like Windows Hello, Touch ID, etc.

To turn on or manage two-factor authentication:

1. Go to the **Profile Settings** page and click **Edit profile**.
2. In the **My Profile** section, click **Edit profile**.
3. On your **Account** page, scroll down to the **Extra Verification** section. 
4. Click **Set up** next to the security method you want to configure, and follow the on-screen instructions.

To disable an authenticator app, simply click **Remove** next to its name in the **Extra Verification** section.

### Change your password

To change your current password for your Percona Account:

1. Go to your **Account** page **> Change Password** section.
2. Enter your current password, then specify and confirm your new password.
3. Click **Change Password**.

### Update profile information

To update your account information, click **Edit** in the **Personal Information** section. Here you can change your display name, add a secondary email address or your phone number. 

If you need to change the display language for your account, click **Edit** in the **Display Language** section. 

Note that email notifications are currently always delivered in English. 

## Report security issues
Percona welcomes responsible disclosure and inquiries about the security of Percona products and services. For more information, send us an email at <security@percona.com> or visit [our security page](https://www.percona.com/security).
